In this video we are going to talk about empathy maps.
Now a lot of my students they have asked me that please include these empathy maps and tell us about
what are these.
Empathy maps.
And how do we use them now.
Empathy map is actually a collaborative tool which we are going to use to get more into the head and
heart of our users or our customers.
We are going to see what are they saying.
What are they thinking.
What are their feelings and what actually are they doing.
So what our users do is not sometimes the same as they are feeling or thinking and saying So this is
the map we actually draw for different sections on a page where we will point out what a user was saying
and at the same time what he was thinking or she was thinking what were their feelings while whether
they are afraid whether they were confused things like that and what they were actually doing whether
they were clicking the by Norbert and again and again and they were feeling dumb and they were thinking
what is happening why it is not giving me any feedback that my card has been my order has been confirmed
or not.
And they might be saying that I am not sure maybe I am doing something wrong.
So as you can see there are contradiction and difference differences between what they are thinking
seeing saying feeling and doing.
Now let's talk about why we actually do empathy maps and what are the benefits we we can get from them.
Now the first thing is that we are actually uncovering user needs and most of the times users are not
aware of what they actually want.
So we want to see what they are actually thinking what are their emotional needs.
How we can make them comfortable using our app or how we can improve our trust and things like that.
So we are going to also get into user behavior.
So most of the things we are doing over here is actually seeing what how they are going to behave.
What are the triggers that are going to
what is triggering these user behaviors.
So this is going to get an so we are actually digging deeper into our users feelings and what are the
problems they have.
What are the fears they have and what are they thinking what are what is the emotional state.
So these are all the things that we are going to use and map out in our empathy maps.
Let me show you one example.
And then we have we will move on to the next lesson.
Now here is an example of empathy map.
This is from an in group non Nielsen Norman I think Norman Nielsen.
I don't remember.
Anyhow you can see flossing is you are going to notice is at the top over here buying a TV so you need
to show the process they are the user is actually going through so maybe some task maybe checkout process
or things like that.
So this is actually Jaimee which is actually your user persona might be your user persona and you are
going to attach a user and a process to your empathy map.
These are two things then we are going to have a section or here where we are going to post whatever
they are thinking whatever they are feeling what actually the user is doing and what he actually sees.
So he might be saying something and doing something else and he might be thinking something you have
to ask those user please think aloud What are you thinking and what are you feeling why are you afraid
of doing this.
What is happening over here.
Tell me how you are feeling right now.
So you are going to ask these questions while user is performing this task which is buying a TV in this
example.
So this is how actually you create an empathy map.
So that is all if you have any questions to ask me.
Let's move on to the next lesson.